Job Title | Company | Location | Description | Skills | Application Url 
------------ | ------------- | ------------ | ------------ | ------------ | -----
JAMF Engineer | TEKsystems, Inc | Sunnyvale, CA | ["The Mac Engineer is solely responsible for managing the Mac Hardware and Software environment for the company Globally. This will involve escalations from support, automation of workflows, scripting, JAMF Pro Cloud administration, 3rd party software configuration, and working side by side with the security and network teams to bring the best user experience to Mac using associates. This individual will work with members of other IT teams in California, Bentonville, and Global Offices, as well as other departments and external SW vendors to evaluate, plan for, and implement new technology.Responsibilities to include but not limited to:* Respond to escalations from L2 and L3 support* Ability to architect SW and Configuration workflows to deploy via Jamf Pro ensuring the best user experience* Mentor IT technicians and Jr Mac Engineers* Respond to system alerts, outages, service requests on an On Call basis* Ability to script and automate the implementation of Mac platform SW, security tools, certificate renewals, and MFA* Maintains relevant knowledge of industry through continuing education and training* Work with physical and virtual servers for caching, patch management, and Active Directory amongst other services.Requirements:* Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in a senior admin role* 7+ years in a Mac/Apple-heavy technical role* 5+ years' experience with administrating Jamf Pro MDM for macOS* 5+ years of shell scripting experience* Excellent communication and troubleshooting skills* Familiarity with Networking HW, LAN and Wi-Fi, DNS, Proxy and Firewall configurations* Understanding of networking concepts such as IPv4, IPv6, TCP/UDP.* Understanding of information security concepts, such as RBAC, SSO, MFA, etc.* Knowledge of network services such as NTP, SNMP, RADIUS, Syslog, etc.* Knowledge of Active Directory/LDAP users and groups* Experience managing PKI certificates* Jamf 200 and 300 certifications* Previous experience with major 3rd party vendors like Cisco, Microsoft, and ZoomNice to Have:* Jamf 400 certified* Experience with security tools on a Mac platform like Symantec and McAfee* Database administration knowledge* App development experience", '', '', '', 'About TEKsystems:', "We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company."] | ['Public Key Infrastructure', 'Network Time Protocols', 'Simple Network Management Protocols', 'Information Security', 'Remote Authentication Dial In User Service (Radius)', 'Single Sign On'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3V115612S544RGCSKT)
Test Technician (Menlo Park, CA) | Kelly Scientific Resources | Menlo Park, CA | ['Engineering Test Technician\r\n\nTemp, may go perm but no guarantee.\r\n\nTarget 25-35/hr payrate\r\n\n\xa0\r\n\nOur client is a medical diagnostics company developing an innovative, new diagnostic platform in infectious diseases. They\xa0enable rapid testing across a wide range of healthcare settings.\xa0\r\n\nPosition Summary\r\n\nSpecific responsibilities include, but are not limited to:', 'QUALIFICATIONS', '', '\nWhy Kelly®?', 'Kelly® Science is your connection to premier scientific and clinical companies looking to hire talented people just like you. Every day, we match science professionals with dream jobs that fit their skills and interests—it’s the way we think job searching should be. Nearly 100 percent of our science recruiters have a professional background/education in science, so we know a thing or two about the science market and how to get you noticed.\n\n', 'About Kelly®', 'At Kelly, we’re always thinking about what’s next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, we’re a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live. Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world. \n\n', 'Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.'] | ['Testing', 'Prototype (Manufacturing)', 'Reports', 'Calibration', 'Verification', 'Test Equipment'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3Q3ML6H4PYYT7QJKBQ)
Java Developer | TEKsystems, Inc | San Jose, CA | ['Position: Senior Java Developer', 'Location: San Jose, CA (remote for foreseeable future)', 'Contract: 6 months extendable', '', 'Top Skills:', '1. Java', '2. Kafka ', '3. MySQL', '4. JavaScript', '', 'Required Skills:* Experience with Kafka and related streaming technologies (Kafka Connect, Kafka Streams, Spark Streaming, Flink)* Strong development background in Java* Solid understanding of one or more database / data warehouse platforms like MySQL, SQLServer, Oracle, RedShift, Hadoop, etc. (MySQL preferred)* Experience developing APIs* Knowledge of web UI development and client-side skills HTML / CSS / JavaScript / jQuery* Experience and confidence using the command line in Unix.* Effective communication with the ability to execute on defined milestones* Exposure to NO SQL technologies; Redis, Cassandra, Mongo DB, Dynamo DB* BS or MS in Computer Science or equivalent* 5+ years of experience developing quality software', '', 'Data has become a strategic asset of the organization fueling all aspects of business decision making. Real-time personalized customer experiences are driving the future of business. This position will be a key role within the DAP - Data Architecture and Platform team to provide solutions interacting with the data and powering insights needed to realize business objectives.', 'As a Senior Software Engineer for working on the streaming platform, you help the team deliver streaming platform capabilities, applications, and real-time analytic capabilities for internal customers. The ideal candidate is not only able to design and implement applications but is also fluent in systems programming and/or automation. This person can leverage their experience to solve complex problems associated with running production environments at massive scale in multi-tenant environments.', 'This role demands exceptional communication, documentation and presentation skills along with the ability to stay current with the latest application design and programming practices. ', '', '', '', 'About TEKsystems:', "We're partners in transformation. We help clients activate ideas and solutions to take advantage of a new world of opportunity. We are a team of 80,000 strong, working with over 6,000 clients, including 80% of the Fortune 500, across North America, Europe and Asia. As an industry leader in Full-Stack Technology Services, Talent Services, and real-world application, we work with progressive leaders to drive change. That's the power of true partnership. TEKsystems is an Allegis Group company."] | ['Java Script (Programming Language)', 'Hyper Text Markup Language (Html)', 'Java (Programming Language)', 'Cascading Style Sheets (Css)', 'Sql (Programming Language)', 'J Query'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3S2S36TS2RPT7T55TB)
Sr. Software Engineer | The Judge Group | Menlo Park, CA | ['\nLocation:  Menlo Park, CA\nDescription:  Our client is currently seeking a Sr. Software Engineer focused on C/C++ development for a contract opportunity in Menlo Park, CA.\xa0**This position is not open to Visa sponsorship or C2C. W2 candidates only please.**Qualifications and Responsibilities:  \nStrong C / C++, Java, Perl, SQL, and Shell scripting\nStrong debugging skills with C/C++ binaries and exposure to debugging tools.\nStrong understanding of C/C++ Compiler options with respect to Performance and Portability.\nStrong understanding of C/C++ build scripts.\nStrong Skills in relational database ( preferably Sybase and Oracle)\nStrong Design Skills\nStrong skills and experience in working with high-volume highly scalable transaction processing systems\nStrong Analytical Skills with ability to understand and develop complex algorithms is a plus.\nHave experience working with IT development methodologies throughout the Software Development Cycle (SDLC)\nWorking knowledge of object-oriented analysis and development methodology is a plus.\nExperience with performance testing and tuning distributed application\nStrong communications skills (written, verbal, and presentation)\nMust be a quick learner, a team player, and have the ability to work independently\nCommitment to excellence and high standards\nStrong interpersonal skills\nAbility to deal effectively with a diversity of individuals at all organizational levels\nCreative, flexible, and innovative team player\nAbility to work independently and as a member of various teams\nExperience in financial domain is a plus\nProficiency in development of real-time distributed software systems desired\n\n\nContact: [ Link removed ] -  Click here to apply to Sr. Software Engineer\nThis job and many more are available through The Judge Group. Find us on the web at [ Link removed ] -  Click here to apply to Sr. Software Engineer\n\n\xa0\n\nRecommended skills\nJava (Programming Language)\nC++ (Programming Language)\nC (Programming Language)\nSql (Programming Language)\nPerl (Programming Language)\nMethodologies\n\n'] | ['Java (Programming Language)', 'C++ (Programming Language)', 'C (Programming Language)', 'Sql (Programming Language)', 'Perl (Programming Language)', 'Methodologies'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3P5NF7870Y08SBGTVZ)
Connectivity Solutions Engineer (Helpdesk/Networking) | Kelly Technology | Mountain View, CA | ['Connectivity Solutions Engineer (Helpdesk/Networking)\nLocation: Sunnyvale, CA\r\n\nDuration: 6 months\r\n\nRate: $35 per hour\r\n\n\xa0\r\n\nThis is a customer facing role and we are looking for someone that has performed helpdesk and or networking support with a focus on connectivity. The ideal candidate would be someone with experience on hospital info systems or previously worked with a hospital. Main highlights needed are ASTM or HL7 and Salesforce, SQL and/or LIS would be a plus.\r\n\n\xa0\r\n\nDUTIES', '\xa0\r\n\nMINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:', '', 'By partnering with Kelly® IT, you’ll have direct connections to top companies around the globe—giving you the chance to put your tech skills to work on some of today’s most intriguing, innovative, and high-visibility projects. In a world where change is the only constant, our unparalleled connections and IT market expertise help you take your skills exactly where you want to go. We’re here to help you gain experience, keep learning, and move your career forward. ', 'About Kelly®', 'At Kelly, we’re always thinking about what’s next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, we’re a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live. Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.', 'Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.'] | ['German Language', 'Portuguese (Language)', 'French Languages', 'Spanish Language', 'Russian (Language)', 'Italian (Language)'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3N04T6YTDQ2BQNM0Y4)
Test Engineer | Aerotek | San Jose, CA | ['Interesting new Test Engineering opportunity available! Would be a remote position with an exciting medical device company working on groundbreaking technology. This position would allow for flexibility and an opportunity to join a dynamic team!', 'The position will be responsible for designing test fixtures, prototyping and testing the concepts, as well as validation of the fixtures. It will also be responsible for developing the software controls for the test systems.', 'Qualifications:', 'Please reach out if you are interested in learning more!', '', '', '', 'About Aerotek: ', "We know that a company's success starts with its employees. We also know that an individual's success starts with the right career opportunity. As a Best of Staffing® Client and Talent leader, Aerotek's people-focused approach yields competitive advantage for our clients and rewarding careers for our contract employees. Since 1983, Aerotek has grown to become a leader in recruiting and staffing services. With more than 250 non-franchised offices, Aerotek's 8,000 internal employees serve more than 300,000 contract employees and 18,000 clients every year. Aerotek is an Allegis Group company, the global leader in talent solutions. Learn more at Aerotek.com."] | ['C (Programming Language)', 'Prototyping', 'Testing', 'Learning', 'Information Technology'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3W2XT63XLSBLMDCT11)
Systems Engineer | Curtiss Wright | Livermore | ['Curtiss-Wright Laser Peening facility has opening in its Livermore, CA facility for a Software Engineer position in a high tech R&D and production shop environment. This facility uses high-energy lasers to treat critical metal components used in aerospace, power generation, and other industries', 'Your Challenge:', 'Your Expertise:', 'This position may require exposure to information, which is subject to US export control regulations, i.e. the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR) or the Export Administration Regulations (EAR). All applicants must be U.S. persons within the meaning of U.S. regulations.', 'Curtiss-Wright values diversity in the workplace. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. If you require accommodation due to a disability at any time during the recruitment and/or assessment process, please contact Talent Acquisition and we will make all reasonable efforts to accommodate your request.'] | ['Systems Design', 'Software Design', 'Embedded Systems', 'Integration', 'Manufacturing', 'Automation'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3S0BC708PB9677D3Q3)
Senior Solutions Architect | Converge Technology Solutions | Santa Clara, CA | ['BlueChipTek,  A Converge Company  ,  is looking for a Senior Solutions Architect to help take our company to the next level. You will be working with some of the most innovative companies that are shaping our culture for the next decade. You’ll work with entrepreneurs, start-ups, VC backed, and large-scale companies that are working on incredible new ideas and focused on growth. We are a fast-paced company, on the leading edge of the technology where you’ll be working on the ground floor with the next generation of innovators.'] | ['Architecture', 'Cloud Technologies', 'Data Centers', 'Infrastructure', 'Networking', 'Storage Virtualization'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J313346MJZBWDZ4VDWY)
Senior Engineer | Kelly Technology | Santa Clara, CA | ['Kelly It Resources is looking for a Senior Engineer for a contract to hire role that will be onsite in Santa Clara. The role will start out as remote and eventually move to onsite.\r\n\nThe Senior Image Processing Engineer is responsible for the development of image processing algorithms and software for biological images. As an image processing engineer, you would be working in a cross functional R&D team to develop and improve the image processing algorithms and software through close collaboration with other engineers, application scientists, and data scientists. You will develop algorithms and software to enhance image quality, to detect/segment/classify biological objects, and to extract information from biological images.\nYour Responsibilities Include:', 'Basic Qualifications:', 'Preferred Qualifications:', 'By partnering with Kelly® IT, you’ll have direct connections to top companies around the globe—giving you the chance to put your tech skills to work on some of today’s most intriguing, innovative, and high-visibility projects. In a world where change is the only constant, our unparalleled connections and IT market expertise help you take your skills exactly where you want to go. We’re here to help you gain experience, keep learning, and move your career forward. ', 'About Kelly®', 'At Kelly, we’re always thinking about what’s next and advising job seekers on new ways of working to reach their full potential. In fact, we’re a leading advocate for temporary/nontraditional workstyles, because we believe they allow flexibility and tremendous growth opportunities that enable a better way to work and live. Connecting great people with great companies is what we do best, and our employment opportunities span a wide variety of workstyles, skill levels, and industries around the world.', 'Kelly is an equal opportunity employer committed to employing a diverse workforce, including, but not limited to, minorities, females, individuals with disabilities, protected veterans, sexual orientation, gender identity. Equal Employment Opportunity is The Law.'] | ['Algorithms', 'Scheduling', 'Amazon Web Services', 'C++ (Programming Language)', 'C (Programming Language)', 'Leadership'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3R4N06V20Z1SHHM1SZ)
Sr. Solutions Architect | VincentBenjamin | Santa Clara, CA | ['Our Santa Clara-based client is looking for a Solutions Architect to help them drive efforts of global technical transformation. This "lift & shift" includes building all new microservices architectures, containerized cloud based platforms/applications, and embracing today\'s "best practices." This is a direct hire opportunity with a six-figure base, strong yearly bonus, matching 401k, and profit sharing.\n\xa0', 'Job Description:\nThe Solutions Architect will be part of a new team being built that will really has the chance to dictate how everything is built within their environment and will have the chance to work with an array of cutting edge technologies. The Solutions Architect will responsible for researching, designing, developing architecture for cloud based services that keeps performance, scalability, reliability and security in mind. They will also drive complete solutions end to end and need to have a deep technical background especially around data and cloud architecture. The Solution Architect will work with an array of stakeholders to create these solutions will need to make sure each stakeholders understands any potential challenges of the solutions that is being chosen and push back on solutions when it makes sense. This role will be 50% working with the business and 50% building the architecture and solutions , so this individual must come from a strong hands on engineering background.\n\xa0', 'Qualifications:'] | ['Scalability', 'Architecture', 'Test Driven Development (Tdd)', 'Agile Software Development', 'Middleware', 'Information Security'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3W1CQ61TTWB6MJK70C)
Engineering Program Manager (Software) | Danaher | Sunnyvale | ['ESSENTIAL JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:', 'MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:', 'Knowledge and skills:\xa0 ', 'PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS: ', 'Danaher Corporation and all Danaher Companies are equal opportunity employers that evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or other characteristics protected by law. The “EEO is the Law” poster is available here.'] | ['Scheduling', 'Decision Making', 'Interpersonal Skills', 'Leadership', 'Coordinating', 'Complex Problem Solving'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3P41L60J8W2GCCPBJ5)
Sr. Component Engineer | Danaher | Sunnyvale | ['POSITION SUMMARY:', 'The successful candidate shall have in-depth knowledge and experience in part design and development of plastic consumables for medical device product(s) manufacturing); acts as resource and role model for colleagues with less experience. He/she shall use best practices and knowledge of internal or external business issues to improve product(s. The successful candidate will be technical lead in his/her respective consumables design and development, complex problem solving, and technology evaluation and deployment to enable efficient manufacturing for sustainable, large-scale production (>30MM units annually). The successful candidate shall use their knowledge of mechanical design, GD&T practices, materials and injection molding processes to effectively (with minimal guidance) engineer custom solutions, develop DFM feedback, improve current designs and interface with vendors. He/she shall use the experience in consumables manufacturing to transition designs from the Concept phase through Design and Development and into Production. Through these phase gates of product development and/or new product introduction, the successful candidate will apply DFMEA, DFM, and CAE tools to develop robust component designs that encourage manufacturing efficiencies for injection molding through finished device assembly. This is a hands-on position involving detailed design (3D modeling and 2D print specification), testing, prototyping and engineering support of Production; must be able to interface well with other engineers, scientists, vendors, and operations personnel. There are no direct reports to this position.', 'ESSENTIAL JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:', 'TRAINING RESPONSIBILITIES: (REQUIRED)', 'MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:', 'Education\xa0and\xa0Experience (in years):\xa0\xa0\xa0', 'Knowledge and skills:\xa0\xa0\xa0', 'PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS:', 'The statements in this description represent typical elements, criteria and general work performed.\xa0 They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills for this job.', 'Danaher Corporation and all Danaher Companies are equal opportunity employers that evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or other characteristics protected by law. The “EEO is the Law” poster is available here.'] | ['Tooling', 'Component Design', 'New Product Development', 'Process Development', 'Manufacturing', 'Injection Molding'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3W6W25X84GRVR6PYJK)
Senior Quality Assurance Engineer | Danaher | San Jose | ['Senior Quality Assurance Engineer will represent quality assurance on development core teams, current business project teams or product improvement projects for Beckman Coulter Life Science Biotechnology organization. Products supported include acoustic dispensing products and automation workstations. Candidates will apply understanding of quality systems, design controls, industry standards and lifecycle processes to product hardware, software, reagent development and design transfer for standard product, custom products, product applications and third party integrations.', '#LI-LM1.', 'Danaher Corporation and all Danaher Companies are equal opportunity employers that evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or other characteristics protected by law. The “EEO is the Law” poster is available here.'] | ['Auditing', 'Iso 13485', 'Certified Quality Engineer', 'Pharmaceuticals', 'Documentation', 'Iso 14971'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3W21Z6WGGRXN82PC16)
Sr. Mechanical Manufacturing Engineer | Danaher | Sunnyvale | ['PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:', 'REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES', 'Danaher Corporation and all Danaher Companies are equal opportunity employers that evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or other characteristics protected by law. The “EEO is the Law” poster is available here.'] | ['Solid Works (Cad)', 'Engineering', 'Manufacturing', 'Creo Elements/Pro (Computer Aided Design Software)', 'New Product Development', 'Quality Management Systems'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3R3T36PY2D85SFGJ49)
Software Verification Test Engineer | Danaher | Sunnyvale | ['Education or Experience (in years): ', 'PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS (optional):', 'Danaher Corporation and all Danaher Companies are equal opportunity employers that evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or other characteristics protected by law. The “EEO is the Law” poster is available here.'] | ['Test Planning', 'Performance Testing', 'Test Automation', 'Regression Testing', 'Defect Tracking', 'Traceability'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3M32865RH76BBDQWZJ)
Software Verification Test Engineer | Danaher | Sunnyvale | ['Job Title:\xa0 Software Verification Test Engineer', 'Job Location: Sunnyvale, CA', 'Date Written:\xa0 06/08/2020', 'Written By:\xa0 Siva Depuru', 'Job Profile (Level-Job Family):\xa0 P2', 'FTC Code: Q320-ENG-03-56000', 'POSITION SUMMARY:', 'Responsible for planning, developing, and execution of automated and manual test scripts in software engineering department. You will use your strong technical background to work with product management and engineering to define test strategies, organize testing processes, and optimize system level testing through creative and comprehensive test methods. Applies analytical skills and independent judgement in resolving software issues in coordination with software engineers.', 'ESSENTIAL JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:', 'TRAINING RESPONSIBILITIES: (REQUIRED)', 'MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:', 'Education and Experience (in years):\xa0 ', 'Knowledge and skills:\xa0 ', 'PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS: ', 'Danaher Corporation and all Danaher Companies are equal opportunity employers that evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or other characteristics protected by law. The “EEO is the Law” poster is available here.'] | ['Test Planning', 'Performance Testing', 'Software Testing', 'Traceability', 'Test Automation', 'Regression Testing'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3P46Q62TZ0XV748GBF)
Software Firmware Test Engineer | Danaher | Sunnyvale | ['POSITION SUMMARY:', 'Be a contributor on the firmware engineering team that leads development efforts for embedded software for commercial products and in-house research that is architecting and designing the core software for our next generation platform in our extraordinary molecular diagnostics product series. You will be developing test methods, and software test tools to help diagnose software issues.', 'ESSENTIAL JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:', 'MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:', 'Education and Experience (in years):\xa0 ', 'Knowledge and skills:\xa0 ', 'PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS: ', 'Physical requirements/abilities:\xa0 ', 'The statements in this description represent typical elements, criteria and general work performed.\xa0 They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills for this job.', 'Danaher Corporation and all Danaher Companies are equal opportunity employers that evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or other characteristics protected by law. The “EEO is the Law” poster is available here.'] | ['Storage (Computing)', 'C++ (Programming Language)', 'C (Programming Language)', 'C Sharp (Programming Language)', 'Engineering', 'Visual C++ (Programming Language)'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3T1ZL5YTPRYP5GD6M4)
Manufacturing Operations Program Manager | Danaher | Sunnyvale | ['Forms and leads cross-functional teams (comprised of Supply Chain, Operations, Manufacturing Engineering, Supplier Quality, Supplier Engineering. and other members as required) to manage outsourced operations projects and programs.', 'o\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Serves as single point of contact to the Supply Chain team and the Contract Manufacturer to align manufacturing partner and production readiness encompassing, production capacity, ECO implementation, compliance of approved parts.', 'o\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Manages the transition of new products from pilot production to volume production.', 'o\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Reporting and Management of E&O, PPV, OTD, and Quality.', 'Knowledge and skills:\xa0 ', 'Physical requirements/abilities:\xa0 ', 'PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS (optional):', 'Danaher Corporation and all Danaher Companies are equal opportunity employers that evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or other characteristics protected by law. The “EEO is the Law” poster is available here.'] | ['Operations', 'Engineering', 'Manufacturing', 'Product Design', 'Management', 'Adaptability'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3T71B6PQ3D9Z9X6FB4)
Manufacturing Operations Program Manager | Danaher | Sunnyvale | ['Knowledge and skills:\xa0 ', 'Physical requirements/abilities:\xa0 ', 'MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:', 'Education or Experience (in years):\xa0 ', 'PREFERRED REQUIREMENTS (optional):', 'Danaher Corporation and all Danaher Companies are equal opportunity employers that evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or other characteristics protected by law. The “EEO is the Law” poster is available here.'] | ['Operations', 'Engineering', 'Manufacturing', 'Product Design', 'Management', 'Adaptability'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3M6RZ6TW8DV6559DPF)
Senior Manager Project Management and Informatics, US Customer Care Operations | Danaher | Sunnyvale | ['Cepheid offers an excellent career opportunity to join a leading worldwide developer, manufacturer and distributor of in-vitro diagnostics solutions. Our extensive range of products covers fast, easy testing of some of the world’s most impactful diseases.', 'Our service business is a fundamental to ensuring that once a warranty expires customers have enough maintenance cover to ensure the safe and reliable operation of their Cepheid GeneXpert systems.', 'The Senior Manager of Project Management and Informatics will manage and develop a team of project and program manager(s) as well as an Informatics specialist(s). This Senior Manager will develop and organize processes, programs and activities to ensure projects are delivered on time, on budget, and meeting or exceeding both internal and external customer expectations.', 'ESSENTIAL JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:', 'MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS:', 'Education and Experience (in years):\xa0', 'Preferred Requirements:\xa0', 'Knowledge and skills:\xa0', 'Other:\xa0', 'Around 10% International travel for effective execution of projects', 'The statements in this description represent typical elements, criteria and general work performed.\xa0 They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills for this job.', 'Danaher Corporation and all Danaher Companies are equal opportunity employers that evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or other characteristics protected by law. The “EEO is the Law” poster is available here.'] | ['Scheduling', 'Operations', 'Engineering', 'Program Management', 'Decision Making', 'Metrics'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3V4F56B1VRG8NRBGR1)
Sr. Mechanical Manufacturing Engineer (Plastics) | Danaher | Sunnyvale | ['Designs, builds, and tests complex or large-scale, systems, ensuring that the components of the system are integrated and function as a whole. Determines the overall structure of the system, organizes the interaction between components, and evaluates the influence of the environment.\xa0 Jobs that provide engineering technical support in this field should be assigned to this job family.', 'PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:', 'REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES', 'Danaher Corporation and all Danaher Companies are equal opportunity employers that evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, sex, age, marital status, disability, veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity, or other characteristics protected by law. The “EEO is the Law” poster is available here.'] | ['Engineering', 'Manufacturing', 'Solid Works (Cad)', 'Creo Elements/Pro (Computer Aided Design Software)', 'New Product Development', 'Quality Management Systems'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3W1HH6G11N4FD5RT0P)
IT Hardware Field Technician | Lehigh Technical | San Jose, CA | ['Lehigh Technical is seeking an IT Break Fix & Troubleshooting field tech in the San Francisco area.\r\nThe Greater San Francisco Area and surrounding suburbs (as far as 30-100 miles) is the field for this opportunity.\n\r\nThe Field Technician/Customer Service Engineer will provide break-fix troubleshooting and repair services to our customers.\r\nInstalling, repairing and troubleshooting workstations, Printers, Scanners, Routers, & Switches\r\nInstalling and repairing Servers\r\nTroubleshoot and installing in LAN-WAN environments\r\nProvide some desk side technical support for hardware and software\r\nPerform analysis to effectively identify potential problems to eliminate problems in the future\r\nMaintain requisite technical competence to support the hardware and software\r\nInstall, move, add, and change hardware and related peripherals in accordance with the Change Management Process\r\nTaking appropriate actions to mitigate or eliminate hardware/software problems\r\nPerform applicable preventative maintenance, per OEM specifications\n\r\nMinimum 5 years of Information Technology Experience in the public sector with organizations undergoing major upgrades to software and systems is preferred\n'] | ['Troubleshooting (Problem Solving)', 'Scheduling', 'Peripheral', 'Leadership', 'Network Switches', 'Complex Problem Solving'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3R6ZH603ZHKJV37LLL)
Senior Software Engineer | Jobot | San Jose | ['\n100% REMOTE Senior Scala Developer / Senior Golang DeveloperThis Jobot Job is hosted by: Reed KellickAre you a fit? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply on company site" button and sending us your resume.Salary: $125,000 - $150,000A bit about us:We are a rapidly-growing AI / Machine Learning startup whose partners include top brands like Barclays and PricewaterhouseCoopers. Our team is currently looking for a Remote Senior Scala Engineer / Senior Golang Engineer.Why join us?\n Competitive base salary between $125k and $150k \n Attractive equity\n Unlimited vacation\n 100% work from home\nJob DetailsAs a Senior Scala Software Engineer / Senior Golang Software Engineer, we are looking for:\n Professional Scala experience\n Professional Go experience\n Python skills would be great\n React / Reactjs / React.js background would be a bonus\n Redux skills would be a plus\n AWS background would be preferred\n Docker experience would be beneficial\nInterested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply on company site" button.\n\xa0\n\nRecommended skills\nReactjs\nPython (Programming Language)\nScala (Programming Language)\nReact\nAmazon Web Services\nDocker\n\n'] | ['Reactjs', 'Python (Programming Language)', 'Scala (Programming Language)', 'React', 'Amazon Web Services', 'Docker'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3Q2MK6S3KRB0WZBFQL)
Sr. Full Stack Engineer, Elastic Search | The Judge Group | Pleasanton, CA | ["\nLocation:  Pleasanton, CA\nDescription:  Our client has an immediate full-time position for a Sr. Full Stack Engineer, Elastic Search.\xa0 \xa0Preferably would like this person to sit in the Bay Area but this person can work remotely anywhere in the US!  \nCompany:\xa0 \xa0Technology Company- Pleasanton, CA\n\nPosition:\xa0 \xa0 \xa0Sr. Full Stack Engineer, Elastic Search(Full-time)\n\nCompensation:\xa0 \xa0Very Competive salary, bonus and benefits!\n\n1/ ELK stack administrator (Not ELK user) – Elasticsearch, Logstash, Kibana, Beats\n2/ AWS proficient. Our ELK stack is hosted on AWS.\n3/ Okay to be on-call production support.\n4/ Proficiency on Infrastructure as Code. All out infra structure is maintained via source control\n5/ Must have development background : Python / Go are preferred.\n\nJob Purpose\nWe are seeking an experienced Full Stack Engineer with AWS expertise to join our Observability\nteam. The Observability team owns the strategy and implementation of an efficient datastore for\nlogs, metrics, and application traces, supporting the three pillars of observability. The team builds\nand maintains solutions that make getting insights from this data turnkey and efficient, such as our\nAPM (Application Performance Monitoring), Infrastructure Monitoring, and Logging solutions.\nDuties and Responsibilities\n• Developing new tooling and enhancing existing tools (Home grown, Open sourced, Licensed)\nto tune and tweak to meet company's requirements.\n• Develop adapters to plug into existing telemetry framework for efficient log and metric\ndiscipline.\n• Work closely with our cloud architects, Site Reliability Engineering teams to design and build\nsoftware components for the Observability platform.\n• Produce working code in an agile method with clear documentation for consumption by\ndevelopers.\n• Maintain production uptime and scalability of the cluster and be on-call support.\n• This is not a ELK user (Kibana user role), this is a elastic cluster built on AWS administrator\nrole.\nQualifications\nMandatory\n• Experience in designing, deploying and operating cloud infrastructure (AWS)\n• Proficient in elastic stack. (Elasticsearch, Logstash, *Beats, Kibana)\n• 4+ years experience of Python /Go development or equivalent experience\n• Experience with CI/CD and build tools like Jenkins, Terraform and Cloud Formation\n• Experince building distriubuted clusters and managinf infrastructure at scale.\n• Experience working with Docker Containers\nOptional\n• Experience with productizing an idea/application\n• Experience onboarding new products and partnerts to adopt to new technologies and tools.\n• Open-Minded, out of the box thinker.\n• Experience with Windows Systems, .NET platform\n*For immediate consideration, please email [ Email address blocked ] -  Click here to apply to Sr. Full Stack Engineer, Elastic Search!Best regards,Chadd\nContact: [ Link removed ] -  Click here to apply to Sr. Full Stack Engineer, Elastic Search\nThis job and many more are available through The Judge Group. Find us on the web at [ Link removed ] -  Click here to apply to Sr. Full Stack Engineer, Elastic Search\n\n\xa0\n\nRecommended skills\nDocker\nElk Stack\nTerraform\nLogstash\nKibana\nBuild Tools\n\n"] | ['Docker', 'Elk Stack', 'Terraform', 'Logstash', 'Kibana', 'Build Tools'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3M41H72PG2X3NWWSVD)
Machine Learning Accelerator Software Engineer | Advantage Resourcing | Santa Clara, CA | ['Advantage Resourcing is seeking a Software Engineer, Machine Learning Accelerator Software for our client located in Santa Clara, CA.', '', 'Job Description/Responsibilities', 'Our client develops FPGA-based hardware, software, and systems solutions to accelerate critical applications in areas such at 5G wireless infrastructure, network switching, and datacenter services. They work in small highly motivated teams of domain experts across the full product range, from high-level systems software to digital and analog circuit design, to create innovative products that are first-to-market and solve critical business needs.', 'You will drive the effort to develop a complete software stack for an FPGA-based machine learning inference accelerator card reference platform. You will adapt existing open-source and university software when possible, and develop new software from scratch as needed, to assemble a complete full-stack, end-to-end software solution. You will work closely with sales, marketing, systems engineering, EDA tool developers, and FPGA architects to support diverse use models from FPGA micro-architecture exploration, memory subsystem design optimization, place-and-route software verification, system prototyping, pre-sales demonstration development, and customer deployment and scaling.', 'Prior experience is required working with a machine learning accelerator micro-architecture and ISA, as well as current knowledge of state-of-the-art research. You must have a background in open-source compiler hacking. Experience desired with compiler intermediate representations (IRs) and back-ends, JIT compilers, as well as kernel-mode and user-mode runtime environments and device drivers. Familiarity is desired with industry-standard machine learning frameworks, acceleration libraries, domain-specific languages, and with common DNN models.', '', 'Required Skills', '', 'Two years of work or educational experience in machine leaning accelerator micro-architectures and compilers', 'Skilled practitioner in C++ or Java.', 'Experience in Python, Verilog, and System-C.', 'Experience required in one of more of the following: ', 'o\xa0\xa0 Machine learning accelerators such as OpenTPU, NVDLA, VTA, EIC', 'o\xa0\xa0 Compilers such as Glow, TVM, CLANG, LLVM, or GCC', 'o\xa0\xa0 Machine learning frameworks such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, Caffe2, and Keras', 'o\xa0\xa0 Acceleration libraries such as MXNet', 'o\xa0\xa0 Domain-specific languages such as Halide and Spatial', 'o\xa0\xa0 Common DNN models such as AlexNet, ResNet50, Inception, YOLO, RNN, and LSTM', 'o\xa0\xa0 Embedded system runtime environments and device drivers', '', 'Education', 'MS or PhD in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Applied Math, or Physics.'] | ['Tensorflow', 'Mxnet', 'Recurrent Neural Network (Rnn)', 'Enterprise Desktop Administrator (Microsoft Certified It Professional)', 'Deep Learning', 'Pytorch'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3M36G692Q415PQY09D)
QA Automation Engineer | Jobot | Sunnyvale | ['\nQA Automation Engineer - fast-growing Startup!This Jobot Job is hosted by: Kat LawrenceAre you a fit? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply on company site" button and sending us your resume.Salary: $140,000 - $170,000A bit about us:We are a rapidly growing platform used by 70% of Fortune 100 companies, we have millions of users and are still growing! Located in South Bay, our top-of-the-line office is fast-paced, innovative, and fun. Seeking someone who loves technology and learning new things as you will be constantly learning and problem-solving in this role. You will interact closely with developer and support teams in this role. So, if you are a problem-solving engineer looking for your next challenge, please apply today!Why join us?You should join us if you love challenges, learning new things, solving problems, and want to be a part of a fun and growing company!Job DetailsResponsibilities: \n Develop and maintain QA Automation frameworks\n Responsible for product releases\n Responsible for test execution, bug detection, load and negative testing\n Design, develop, and implement test infrastructures\n Investigate software issues discovered in testing\nRequirements: \n Minimum 5 years experience in Automation Development in Java\n Recent Java experience is required\n 2+ years experience with CI/CD tool (Jenkins, TravisCI, Shippable)\n 2+ years using Selenium or similar tools to validate UI testing\n Docker experience required\n 2+ years experience writing automation tests for applications in Linux/Unix environments\n Bug detection and ability to analyze root cause\n Plus for experience with Golang or Python\nInterested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply on company site" button.\n\xa0\n\nRecommended skills\nJenkins\nSoftware Quality Assurance (Sqa)\nAutomation\nLinux\nUnix\nUser Interface Testing\n\n'] | ['Jenkins', 'Software Quality Assurance (Sqa)', 'Automation', 'Linux', 'Unix', 'User Interface Testing'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3V0PM6Q8F5THX2VZ9S)
Software Engineer, Machine Learning Software Stack - California | Trioptus | Santa Clara | ['Job Title: Software Engineer, Machine Learning Software Stack', 'Job Type: Full Time', 'Job Location: Santa Clara, California', 'Job Description:', 'Skills:', 'Education', '', '', '', '', '', '', '', '', '', '', ''] | ['Tensorflow', 'Recurrent Neural Network (Rnn)', 'Enterprise Desktop Administrator (Microsoft Certified It Professional)', 'Field Programmable Gate Array', 'Deep Learning', 'Electrical Engineering'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3R87B5XXH1DW1NYWV9)
Hadoop Developer | Tech Mahindra | Santa Clara, CA | ['Job Title: Hadoop Developer', 'Location: Santa Clara, CA', 'Duration: Fulltime / Permanent', '\xa0', 'Job Description:', 'Need Senior Hadoop developer with focus on BI on Hadoop. Should be able to demonstrate work experience in hive/Impala and Spark.', 'Strong SQL and spark hands on skill a must.', 'Working knowledge of Python, shell scripting and bash.', 'Must have work experience in Hadoop as data warehouse/data lake implementations.', 'Will be required to provide references and will be asked to demonstrate coding skills during interview.', 'Local candidates Preferred.'] | ['Apache Hive', 'Data Warehousing', 'Python (Programming Language)', 'Apache Spark', 'Business Intelligence', 'Bash (Scripting Language)'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3028Z64V2LMQQ74CY7)
Senior Data Scientist (San Jose OR Austin) | CDK Global | San Jose | ['Power the PossibilitiesThe CDK Global technology team is looking for collaborative innovators who are passionate about making their mark on emerging enterprise software products. We’re building and developing cloud technology for the automotive retail industrythat will change the landscape for automotive dealers, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and the customers they serve.Be Part of Something BiggerEach year, more than three percent of the U.S. gross domestic product (GDP) is attributed to the auto industry, which flows through our customer, the auto dealer. It’s time you joined an evolving marketplace where research and developmentinvestment is measured in the tens of billions. It’s time you were a part of something bigger.We’re expanding our workforce – engineers, architects, developers and more – onboarding early adopters who can optimize, pivot and keep pace with ever-evolving development roadmaps and applications.Join Our TeamGrowth potential, flexibility and material impact on the success and quality of a next-gen, enterprise software product make CDK an excellent choice for those who thrive in challenging, fast-paced engineering environments.The possibilities for impact are endless. We have exceptional opportunities to evolve our industry by driving change through new technology.', 'If you’re ready for high-impact, you’re ready for CDK.', '', 'Description and Responsibilities:', '', 'We are looking for a motivated and experienced data scientist to join our R&D organization. Our Data Science team in R&D works to incorporate advanced analytics into the automotive industry. The ideal candidate will have a mix of skills including engineering best practices, statistical expertise, and a strong business sense. Your work could vary from building a recommendation model that finds someone the perfect vehicle, to identifying which parts on a vehicle are likely to fail and when. Your responsibilities will extend beyond modeling to the entire data science pipeline, including building out our data lake with new sources, performing exploratory analysis, building pipelines to transform data, and providing summary results to business leaders. Our data science efforts are still in their early stages, so you will play a critical role designing our analytics science infrastructure. You will need to take initiative, and be capable of finding solutions where there is no clear path forward.', 'POSITION CAN BE BASED IN SAN JOSE, CA OR AUSTIN, TX', '', 'Required Skills and Experience:', '', 'Preferred Skills:', '', 'CDK Global knows you have passions outside of work. \xa0You have family, friends, sporting events, and lots of things going on. \xa0 That’s why we offer a comprehensive benefits package to not only take care of you but your family as well. \xa0 All of our benefits are effective the first day of employment including 401K matching, paid time off to re-energize, donate your time to volunteer in your community, and tuition reimbursement to name a few.', 'At CDK, we pride ourselves on having a diverse workforce. We value and celebrate the uniqueness of individuals and the different perspectives\xa0they provide. We offer equal opportunity employment regardless of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, or protected veteran status.\xa0\xa0'] | ['Data Science', 'Scikit Learn', 'Pandas', 'Apache Hive', 'Natural Language Processing', 'Apache Hadoop'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3N60161XVPZN6Y1W3C)
Developer - Reports/Data/ML | The Judge Group | Redwood City, CA | ["\nLocation:  Redwood City, CA\nDescription:  Our client is currently seeking a Developer - Reports/Data/ML for Redwoodcity, CA. Please share your resume at [ Email address blocked ] -  Click here to apply to Developer - Reports/Data/ML\xa0  \nJob Title: Developer – Reports/Data/MLLocation: Redwood City, CA\xa0Duration: 6+ Months Project Overview: Build and maintain data pipelines and dashboards for our Sales Program impact measurement projects. Statistical analysis of impact of sales pilot programs and sales program changes. Aid in development of experiment design and tools to monitor and explain key metrics due to program changes and/or machine learning enhancements. Overall Responsibilities:   We are cross-functional data science team looking for strong technical candidates with business acumen.  The ideal candidate has experience working with all different stages of data analysis: data querying, building reporting pipelines, running statistical analysis, building dashboards.  Should be a self-starter that can 'crunch the numbers', be organized and detail-oriented, partner with senior stakeholders, and communicate effectively.  Some familiarity with machine learning principles is required.\n Top 3 Daily Responsibilities:   Build and maintain data pipelines and scripts that support pipelines.  Build and maintain dashboards that report on key model performance metrics.  Additional statistical analysis providing insight into program change impact and key metrics.\n Mandatory  SQL, R or Python  MS/MA Degree Required - technical concentration (Mathematics, statistics, physics, engineering, computer science, etc.)  2yrs relevant experience Understanding of machine learning models  \xa0\n\nContact: [ Link removed ] -  Click here to apply to Developer - Reports/Data/ML\nThis job and many more are available through The Judge Group. Find us on the web at [ Link removed ] -  Click here to apply to Developer - Reports/Data/ML\n\n\xa0\n\nRecommended skills\nData Analysis\nMathematics\nDashboard\nSelf Motivation\nComputer Sciences\nAttention To Detail\n\n"] | ['Data Analysis', 'Mathematics', 'Dashboard', 'Self Motivation', 'Computer Sciences', 'Attention To Detail'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3Q6V05XRHDJXHPVS13)
Remote-Senior Backend Developer-SD- WAN | Kforce Technology | San Jose, CA | ['RESPONSIBILITIES:'] | ['Network Switches', 'Networking', 'Amazon Web Services', 'Cisco Certified Network Professional', 'Cisco Certified Network Associate', 'Python (Programming Language)'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3T1V06Q5PP68KXXTVB)
Technical Writer | Collabera | Menlo Park, CA | ['\nDOCUMENTATION ENGINEER RESPONSIBILITIES\nCreate and maintain external documentation including solution playbooks, get started guides and detailed developer docs for the Messenger Business Platform.\nAdvocate for a smooth developer onboarding experience by providing the documentation needed to get started and find references on how our API works as well as sample code.\nWork closely with engineering, product, and support teams to ensure the quality, discoverability, and accuracy of the content you create and develop.\nDesign, write, and edit technical and process documentation\nCreate and maintain code sample fragments and sample apps\nPull insights for documentation to understand most important docs and prioritize their updates\nMonitor the developer community searching for FAQ’s and confusing docs to improve them\xa0\nSkills: MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS\nExperience producing and organizing content with a logical flow.\n3 years experience in writing, technical documentation, and/or developer outreach for a developer audience\n2 years experience with a programming language such as\xa0Python, PHP, Java\nExperience writing, proofreading, and editing.\nExperience with authoring tools and technologies such as XML, HTML, Markdown, Adobe Photoshop, and Illustrator.\nExperience programming, using the command-line and trying out user interfaces\nExperience working in outcome based model with minimal supervision\n\xa0Tech writer\n\xa0\n\nRecommended skills\nJava (Programming Language)\nPhp (Scripting Language)\nHyper Text Markup Language (Html)\nExtensible Markup Language (Xml)\n\n'] | ['Java (Programming Language)', 'Php (Scripting Language)', 'Hyper Text Markup Language (Html)', 'Extensible Markup Language (Xml)'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3S1466GLSGMZLNQ6PJ)
Software Developer (RF/C/C++/Wireless) | DISYS | Cupertino, CA | ['One of our clients is looking for a software development contractor with strong experience in C/C++ as well as background in RF and Wireless systems. This is an initial 6 months contract with possible extension.'] | ['Front End (Software Engineering)', 'W Cdma (Umts)', 'Code Division Multiple Access', 'Lte (Telecommunication)', 'Debugging', 'C++ (Programming Language)'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/JCL64H713DP8PFNC9Q2)
Hiring RF Application Engineer (5G Protocol) in Santa Clara CA | Talent Space | Santa Clara, CA | ['RF Application Engineer\xa0(5G Protocol)', 'Santa Clara, \xa0California', '\xa0', 'Description:'] | ['3 Gpp (Telecommunication)', 'Lte (Telecommunication)', 'C++ (Programming Language)', 'Testing', 'Debugging', 'Ttcn (Programming Language)'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J300HR6HLMX3B1N3B8W)
Senior Data Scientist (San Jose OR Austin) | CDK Global | San Jose, CA | ["\n\nPower the PossibilitiesThe CDK Global technology team is looking for collaborative innovators who are passionate about making their mark on emerging enterprise software products. We're building and developing cloud technology for the automotive retail industrythat will change the landscape for automotive dealers, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and the customers they serve.Be Part of Something BiggerEach year, more than three percent of the U.S. gross domestic product (GDP) is attributed to the auto industry, which flows through our customer, the auto dealer. It's time you joined an evolving marketplace where research and developmentinvestment is measured in the tens of billions. It's time you were a part of something bigger.We're expanding our workforce - engineers, architects, developers and more - onboarding early adopters who can optimize, pivot and keep pace with ever-evolving development roadmaps and applications.Join Our TeamGrowth potential, flexibility and material impact on the success and quality of a next-gen, enterprise software product make CDK an excellent choice for those who thrive in challenging, fast-paced engineering environments.The possibilities for impact are endless. We have exceptional opportunities to evolve our industry by driving change through new technology.\nIf you're ready for high-impact, you're ready for CDK.\n\nDescription and Responsibilities:\n\nWe are looking for a motivated and experienced data scientist to join our R&D organization. Our Data Science team in R&D works to incorporate advanced analytics into the automotive industry. The ideal candidate will have a mix of skills including engineering best practices, statistical expertise, and a strong business sense. Your work could vary from building a recommendation model that finds someone the perfect vehicle, to identifying which parts on a vehicle are likely to fail and when. Your responsibilities will extend beyond modeling to the entire data science pipeline, including building out our data lake with new sources, performing exploratory analysis, building pipelines to transform data, and providing summary results to business leaders. Our data science efforts are still in their early stages, so you will play a critical role designing our analytics science infrastructure. You will need to take initiative, and be capable of finding solutions where there is no clear path forward.\nPOSITION CAN BE BASED IN SAN JOSE, CA OR AUSTIN, TX\n\nRequired Skills and Experience:\n\nBachelor’s degree in a quantitative field\n3-5 years of experience as a data scientist\nExpertise with Python, including the data science stack (Pandas, Numpy, Scikit-learn)\nBackground in a variety of modeling techniques including recommendation systems, neural networks, XGBoost, NLP, and time-series forecasting.\xa0\nExpertise using SQL for querying data\nCloud experience, AWS preferred\nProficient using Docker to deploy machine learning solutions\nExperience exposing data science solutions as REST APIs and Batch processes\nFamiliar with big data technologies: Hadoop, Spark, and Hive\nExperience with version control systems, CI/CD pipelines, and Agile workflow\nAbility to take ill-defined business problems and translate them into actionable plans\nComfort with ambiguity and ability to act under uncertainty\nAbility to communicate with engineers, data scientists, and nontechnical audiences\n\n\nPreferred Skills:\n\nGraduate degree in a quantitative field\nExperience with NoSQL databases\nExperience with streaming data and analytics using Kafka, Spark Streaming, or equivalent system\n\n\nCDK Global knows you have passions outside of work. You have family, friends, sporting events, and lots of things going on. That's why we offer a comprehensive benefits package to not only take care of you but your family as well. All of our benefits are effective the first day of employment including 401K matching, paid time off to re-energize, donate your time to volunteer in your community, and tuition reimbursement to name a few.\nAt CDK, we pride ourselves on having a diverse workforce. We value and celebrate the uniqueness of individuals and the different perspectives they provide. We offer equal opportunity employment regardless of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, or protected veteran status. \n  \n\n\nRecommended skills\nData Science\nScikit Learn\nPandas\nApache Hive\nNatural Language Processing\nApache Hadoop\n\n"] | ['Data Science', 'Scikit Learn', 'Pandas', 'Apache Hive', 'Natural Language Processing', 'Apache Hadoop'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3T7JV6HF3LZFDBGN1D)
QA Engineer III | CDK Global | San Jose, CA | ["\n\nPower the PossibilitiesThe CDK Global technology team is looking for collaborative innovators who are passionate about making their mark on emerging enterprise software products. We're building and developing cloud technology for the automotive retail industrythat will change the landscape for automotive dealers, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and the customers they serve.Be Part of Something BiggerEach year, more than three percent of the U.S. gross domestic product (GDP) is attributed to the auto industry, which flows through our customer, the auto dealer. It's time you joined an evolving marketplace where research and developmentinvestment is measured in the tens of billions. It's time you were a part of something bigger.We're expanding our workforce - engineers, architects, developers and more - onboarding early adopters who can optimize, pivot and keep pace with ever-evolving development roadmaps and applications.Join Our TeamGrowth potential, flexibility and material impact on the success and quality of a next-gen, enterprise software product make CDK an excellent choice for those who thrive in challenging, fast-paced engineering environments.The possibilities for impact are endless. We have exceptional opportunities to evolve our industry by driving change through new technology.\nIf you're ready for high-impact, you're ready for CDK.\nPosition Summary:\xa0\nCDK Global’s Flex engineering team is looking for talented engineers with a passion for their craft to join our growing team. This is a unique role which will have a material impact on the success and quality of a new software product with enormous growth potential. Flex is highly visible within the organization and provides excellent growth and development opportunities. If you like fast-paced environments, engineering challenges, participating in key engineering decisions, and want to leave your personal mark on a software product, the Flex team is right for you.\nThe Flex engineering team works on innovative new software that is used by car dealers to manage their operations, take care of their customers, and interact with the manufacturers. We are building our new software on the foundation of our rich automotive industry knowledge, experience, and current market presence. If you recently ordered a Ferrari, or a Ford, you likely have used at least one of our products!\xa0\nAs a Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET) you will help to create the next generation of enterprise class software solutions at CDK! If you have worked on bringing a large software product to market, or have a desire to gain this experience, this role might be perfect for you.\nResponsibilities:\n\nPartner with engineering teams to review requirements, build automation, and teach engineers how to maintain tests\nDevise the comprehensive test strategy for a new product and ensure it is executed across multiple teams\nMonitor tests and report/resolve failures\nWork with manual QA to automate repetitive and critical test cases (automation test suite)\nResearch new tools and techniques to improve quality\nProvide quality reports with recommendations for improvement\xa0\n\n\n\nRequired Skills:\n\n4+ years of End-to-End Automated testing experience with a variety of frameworks (BDD/Cucumber or Robot Framework or TestNG preferred)\n5+ years engineering experience with various programming languages (JavaScript/React/Node.js/Python or Java preferred)\nShould be able to code automation scripts for various QA activities (Integration scripts between CI/CD tool and Test management tool)\nFocus on automated processes (Test reports, Test traceability)\nExperience with source control (Git, GitHub Flow)\nExperience in Web applications, Web services, back-end white-box testing\nBachelor's degree or equivalent in IT, computer science or related field is preferred, with a minimum of 5\xa0years of directly related work experience in one of these fields (work experience may be used to in place of degree)\nAn ongoing thirst for new knowledge and ideas, and a passion for software engineering as a QA Automation Engineer\nExperience working with distributed teams (Both off-shore and off-site)\nCreative problem-solving, proficient debugging and profiling\nExcellent written and verbal communication skills\n\n\nCDK Global knows you have passions outside of work. You have family, friends, sporting events, and lots of things going on. That's why we offer a comprehensive benefits package to not only take care of you but your family as well. All of our benefits are effective the first day of employment including 401K matching, paid time off to re-energize, donate your time to volunteer in your community, and tuition reimbursement to name a few.\nAt CDK, we pride ourselves on having a diverse workforce. We value and celebrate the uniqueness of individuals and the different perspectives they provide. We offer equal opportunity employment regardless of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, or protected veteran status. \n  \n\n\nRecommended skills\nWhite Box Testing\nTest Automation\nTest Management Tools\nAutomation\nGit\nJava (Programming Language)\n\n"] | ['White Box Testing', 'Test Automation', 'Test Management Tools', 'Automation', 'Git', 'Java (Programming Language)'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3T4HF6116S1WZKFHH9)
5G Protocol and RF Application Engineer | Volt | Santa Clara, CA | ['RF Application Engineer 5G Protocol-Santa Clara, CA', 'Description:', 'Volt is an Equal Opportunity Employer'] | ['3 Gpp (Telecommunication)', 'Lte (Telecommunication)', 'C++ (Programming Language)', 'Testing', 'Debugging', 'Ttcn (Programming Language)'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3S7D26RGG6FGF5WFVT)
Program Manager II | ICONMA | Sunnyvale, CA | ['\xa0', 'Location: Sunnyvale, CA', 'Duration: 6 months', '\xa0', 'Position Description:', 'Project Overview: ', 'Create, streamline, and manage the data, processes, and tools associated with client’s portfolios of datacenter energy consumption and renewable energy production.', '\xa0', 'Overall Responsibilities:', '- Work with internal and external stakeholders to aggregate, organize, and analyze the myriad data streams associated with client’s energy portfolios.', '- Create scalable processes for data processing, QA checking, and regular reporting.', '\xa0', 'Top 3 Daily Responsibilities:', '- Tools, analyses, and reporting: Create dashboards for energy data, standardize and maintain consumption and spend forecasts, build and maintain internal database of historical consumption and prices, create and maintain recurring reports.', '- Contract management: Validate invoices / spend / revenues, track and execute contract obligations, resolve operational and invoicing issues.', '- Policies & procedures: Create documentation for policies & procedures to ensure scalability and replicability, consolidate document and data repositories, perform ad hoc analyses to support the datacenter and renewable energy portfolios.', '\xa0'] | ['Software Quality Assurance (Sqa)', 'Multitasking', 'Operations', 'Analysis', 'Reports', 'Verbal Communication'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J2W25P71MHSFQQ3GPNZ)
Senior QA Engineer | CDK Global | San Jose | ['Power the PossibilitiesThe CDK Global technology team is looking for collaborative innovators who are passionate about making their mark on emerging enterprise software products. We’re building and developing cloud technology for the automotive retail industrythat will change the landscape for automotive dealers, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and the customers they serve.Be Part of Something BiggerEach year, more than three percent of the U.S. gross domestic product (GDP) is attributed to the auto industry, which flows through our customer, the auto dealer. It’s time you joined an evolving marketplace where research and developmentinvestment is measured in the tens of billions. It’s time you were a part of something bigger.We’re expanding our workforce – engineers, architects, developers and more – onboarding early adopters who can optimize, pivot and keep pace with ever-evolving development roadmaps and applications.Join Our TeamGrowth potential, flexibility and material impact on the success and quality of a next-gen, enterprise software product make CDK an excellent choice for those who thrive in challenging, fast-paced engineering environments.The possibilities for impact are endless. We have exceptional opportunities to evolve our industry by driving change through new technology.', 'If you’re ready for high-impact, you’re ready for CDK.', 'Summary:', 'CDK Global’s Flex engineering team is looking for talented engineers with a passion for their craft to join our growing team. This is a unique role which will have a material impact on the success and quality of a new software product with enormous growth potential. Flex is highly visible within the organization and provides excellent growth and development opportunities. If you like fast-paced environments, engineering challenges, participating in key engineering decisions, and want to leave your personal mark on a software product, the Flex team is right for you.', '', 'The Flex engineering team works on innovative new software that is used by car dealers to manage their operations, take care of their customers, and interact with the manufacturers. We are building our new software on the foundation of our rich automotive industry knowledge, experience, and current market presence. If you recently ordered a Ferrari, or a Ford, you likely have used at least one of our products!', 'As a Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET) you will help to create the next generation of enterprise class software solutions at CDK! If you have worked on bringing a large software product to market, or have a desire to gain this experience, this role might be perfect for you.', '', 'Responsibilities:', '\xa0Required Skills:', '', 'CDK Global knows you have passions outside of work. \xa0You have family, friends, sporting events, and lots of things going on. \xa0 That’s why we offer a comprehensive benefits package to not only take care of you but your family as well. \xa0 All of our benefits are effective the first day of employment including 401K matching, paid time off to re-energize, donate your time to volunteer in your community, and tuition reimbursement to name a few.', 'At CDK, we pride ourselves on having a diverse workforce. We value and celebrate the uniqueness of individuals and the different perspectives\xa0they provide. We offer equal opportunity employment regardless of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, or protected veteran status.\xa0\xa0'] | ['Test Automation', 'White Box Testing', 'Functional Testing', 'Test Management Tools', 'Test Strategy', 'Automation'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3P25373F726DH075ZY)
Senior QA Engineer | CDK Global | San Jose, CA | ["\n\nPower the PossibilitiesThe CDK Global technology team is looking for collaborative innovators who are passionate about making their mark on emerging enterprise software products. We're building and developing cloud technology for the automotive retail industrythat will change the landscape for automotive dealers, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and the customers they serve.Be Part of Something BiggerEach year, more than three percent of the U.S. gross domestic product (GDP) is attributed to the auto industry, which flows through our customer, the auto dealer. It's time you joined an evolving marketplace where research and developmentinvestment is measured in the tens of billions. It's time you were a part of something bigger.We're expanding our workforce - engineers, architects, developers and more - onboarding early adopters who can optimize, pivot and keep pace with ever-evolving development roadmaps and applications.Join Our TeamGrowth potential, flexibility and material impact on the success and quality of a next-gen, enterprise software product make CDK an excellent choice for those who thrive in challenging, fast-paced engineering environments.The possibilities for impact are endless. We have exceptional opportunities to evolve our industry by driving change through new technology.\nIf you're ready for high-impact, you're ready for CDK.\nSummary:\nCDK Global’s Flex engineering team is looking for talented engineers with a passion for their craft to join our growing team. This is a unique role which will have a material impact on the success and quality of a new software product with enormous growth potential. Flex is highly visible within the organization and provides excellent growth and development opportunities. If you like fast-paced environments, engineering challenges, participating in key engineering decisions, and want to leave your personal mark on a software product, the Flex team is right for you.\n\nThe Flex engineering team works on innovative new software that is used by car dealers to manage their operations, take care of their customers, and interact with the manufacturers. We are building our new software on the foundation of our rich automotive industry knowledge, experience, and current market presence. If you recently ordered a Ferrari, or a Ford, you likely have used at least one of our products!\nAs a Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET) you will help to create the next generation of enterprise class software solutions at CDK! If you have worked on bringing a large software product to market, or have a desire to gain this experience, this role might be perfect for you.\n\nResponsibilities:\n\nPartner with engineering teams to review requirements, build automation, and teach engineers how to maintain tests\nDevise the comprehensive test strategy for a new product and ensure it is executed across multiple teams\nMonitor tests and report/resolve failures\nWork with manual QA to automate repetitive and critical test cases (automation test suite)\nResearch new tools and techniques to improve quality\nProvide quality reports with recommendations for improvement\n\n\xa0Required Skills:\n\n5+ years of End-to-End Automated testing experience by using one or more frameworks (BDD/Cucumber or Robot Framework or TestNG preferred)\n7+ years engineering experience with various programming languages (JavaScript/React/Node/Python or Java preferred)\nShould be able to code automation scripts for various QA activities (Integration scripts between CI/CD tool and Test management tool)\nFocus on automated processes (Test reports, Test traceability). \xa0Leverage current team skills and lead automation efforts. Take ownership of automation repository (Script maintenance, expansion, continuous improvements)\nExperience with source control (Git, GitHub Flow)\nExperience in Web applications, Web services, back-end white-box testing\nBachelor's degree or equivalent in IT, computer science or related field is preferred, with a minimum of 5\xa0years of directly related work experience in one of these fields (work experience may be used to in place of degree)\nAn ongoing thirst for new knowledge and ideas, and a passion for software engineering as a QA Automation Engineer\nExperience working with distributed teams. Participate in manual functional testing by developing new test coverage, as required.\nCreative problem-solving, proficient debugging and profiling\nExcellent written and verbal communication skills\n\n\nCDK Global knows you have passions outside of work. You have family, friends, sporting events, and lots of things going on. That's why we offer a comprehensive benefits package to not only take care of you but your family as well. All of our benefits are effective the first day of employment including 401K matching, paid time off to re-energize, donate your time to volunteer in your community, and tuition reimbursement to name a few.\nAt CDK, we pride ourselves on having a diverse workforce. We value and celebrate the uniqueness of individuals and the different perspectives they provide. We offer equal opportunity employment regardless of race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability status, age, marital status, or protected veteran status. \n  \n\n\nRecommended skills\nTest Automation\nWhite Box Testing\nFunctional Testing\nTest Management Tools\nTest Strategy\nAutomation\n\n"] | ['Test Automation', 'White Box Testing', 'Functional Testing', 'Test Management Tools', 'Test Strategy', 'Automation'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3M6VQ6H37XG54T6XJL)
Senior Software Engineer | Jobot | San Jose | ['\n100% REMOTE Senior Scala Developer / Senior Golang DeveloperThis Jobot Job is hosted by: Reed KellickAre you a fit? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply on company site" button and sending us your resume.Salary: $125,000 - $150,000A bit about us:We are a rapidly-growing AI / Machine Learning startup whose partners include top brands like Barclays and PricewaterhouseCoopers. Our team is currently looking for a Remote Senior Scala Engineer / Senior Golang Engineer.Why join us?\n Competitive base salary between $125k and $150k \n Attractive equity\n Unlimited vacation\n 100% work from home\nJob DetailsAs a Senior Scala Software Engineer / Senior Golang Software Engineer, we are looking for:\n Full Stack / Fullstack / Full-Stack background\n Professional Scala experience\n Professional Go experience\n Python skills would be a plus\n React / Reactjs / React.js background would be a bonus\n Redux skills would be a plus\n AWS background would be preferred\n Docker experience would be beneficial\nInterested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply on company site" button.\n\xa0\n\nRecommended skills\nReactjs\nPython (Programming Language)\nScala (Programming Language)\nReact\nAmazon Web Services\nDocker\n\n'] | ['Reactjs', 'Python (Programming Language)', 'Scala (Programming Language)', 'React', 'Amazon Web Services', 'Docker'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3V7366FB8ZWM5HRZP8)
QA Engineer (Automation) II | Russell Tobin & Associates | Cupertino, CA | ['Job Title: QA Engineer (Automation) II', 'Location: Bay Area CA', 'Duration: 6+ months contract', '', 'Local candidates only', '\xa0', 'Note: Going to start remote. If office opens, each of them will need to be in different offices, Cupertino or Sunnyvale', '', 'Reason: 4 – Special Project', 'Department: AMP Eng-Quality', 'Job Category: IT/Engineering', '', 'Team: Game Center QA Team', '– Social Gaming / Playing with Friends', '', 'What are they looking to accomplish, what is the purpose of the initial project?', '– Goal: to have game center services match players (different kind of notifications/invites to friends)', '– Create test scenarios so two players can match and start playing', '– Potentially could automate this.', '\xa0', 'Level of experience: 2-5 years (would take a senior candidate who is interested in games)', '\xa0', 'Day2Day:', '– Create test coverage and actually play games', '– Documentation and make a good reports on what they do', '\xa0', 'Must Have:', '– Application Testing / Game testing', '– Automation – some kind of experience', '– Creating their own good test plan, detail oriented', '– Documentation, record all issues/bugs on file so not duplicating efforts. Analyze and draw conclusion on the issues/bugs they find.', '– Strong interest in games would be the ideal candidate', '', 'Nice to Have:', '– Game Kit experience = IMMEDIATE HIRE!', '– Automation skill set without leveraging Web API’s to help research and potentially prototype automation solution. These games don’t have SPI’s.', '', 'Interview Process:', '– 40 minutes video call', '', 'Duties: The Automation test engineer works as a project team member to jointly deliver high quality applications on time and budget. The Automation Test Engineer is responsible for the definition, implementation, and execution of the functional, regression, and acceptance test strategy on highly iterative and collaborative projects. Projects will typically be of medium to high complexity. This is a hands-on Automation Test position. Tasks performed will include but are not limited to test planning, manual testing, test automation, test environment setup/teardown, defect logging and verification. Works collaboratively as part of the development team with product managers, software engineers, and architects to define and execute tests throughout the project lifecycle. May be required to provide guidance to other test engineers. Defines, creates, and maintains test data as needed. Responsible for continuously re-evaluating the test strategy to adjust for new information, changing risks, shifting priorities, and schedules.', '', 'Minimum Qualifications:', '– Commercial experience in testing user interfaces.', '– Automated functional testing experience.', '– Familiarity with defect management systems.', '– Exposure to automated testing tools.', '– Exposure to object oriented analysis and design.', '– Participated in full lifecycle development on large projects.', '– Ability to write acceptance criteria for features in simple business language. Understanding of Unit, Functional, System, Performance, Technical and Operational testing and the tools utilized.', '– Is eager to learn new methodologies and tools.', '– Is a cutting-edge knowledge seeker.', '– Is familiar with interface testing and mock objects concepts.', '– Experience with execution and reporting of both manual and automated test scripts.', '– Experience with testing distributed systems.', '– In-depth knowledge of the process and skills to produce the tools needed to automate testing.', '– Proficient in test tool analysis and data flow.', '– Knowledge of programming concepts and practices.', '– Ability to work closely with developers and enable them to produce the best application possible.', '– Ability to determine estimates of effort and impacts for a variety of solutions.', '– Expectations include a high level of initiative and a strong commitment to job knowledge, productivity, and attention to detail.', '– Programming experience with needed language.', '', 'Education: Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent work experience preferred.', '\xa0', 'Required Skills:', '\xa0', 'Additional Skills:'] | ['Performance Testing', 'Test Automation', 'Test Data', 'Load Testing', 'Functional Testing', 'Manual Testing'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3P65F6Z1PBMWRZ15RP)
DevOps Engineer | Anritsu | Morgan Hill, CA | ['As a DevOps Engineer based in Morgan Hill, CA you will have responsibility for increasing developer’s efficiency while ensuring quality code releases. To achieve that end, you will work on designing, developing, debugging, and testing the CI/CD system, as well creating support applications, to integrate all of engineering’s services to achieve our goal of quick and reliable releases. This includes a responsibility of maintaining a complete build and delivery system providing uptime for all developers.', 'Key Responsibilities include:', ''] | ['Jenkins', 'Gitlab', 'Git', 'Teamcity', 'Kubernetes', 'Ansible'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/JD62CN6TXYCHDLB9QDY)
Front End Developer | Rose International | Menlo Park, CA | ['\nPosition Title: Front End Engineer III\n\nPosition Number: 343102\n\nLocation: Menlo Park, CA 94025\n\nPosition Type: Temporary\n\nRequired Skill Set:\n\nCSS, HTML, JavaScript, SDK\n\nPosition Description:\n\n**C2C is not available****Only U.S. Citizens and those authorized to work in the U.S. can be considered as W2 candidates.**Title: Front End Engineer IIIStart: 07/01/2020End: 12/31/2020Location: Menlo Park, CADescription:Duties: Are you interested in building products used to collect and analyze petabytes of information Enjoy visualizing large data sets in innovative and intuitive ways? Do you like shipping code at a rapid pace The AI Visualization team within Client is seeking an experienced Front End Engineer that is passionate about building User Interfaces for desktop and web applications.Responsibilities● Implement the features and user interfaces of internal XR Tech products● Collaborate with external partners and team engineers to architect and deliver compelling user-facing products● Identify and resolve performance and scalability issuesSkills: Minimum Qualifications● 7+ years working with client-side code: HTML, CSS, and JavaScript● Strong understanding of React functional components and React Hooks● Strong understanding of statically-typed JavaScript (Flow/TypeScript)● Good Understanding of GraphQL● Understanding of PHP-like (Hack) back-end languagePreferred Qualifications● Understanding of the functional programming paradigm● Familiarity with Reactive Extensions for JavaScript (RxJSUnicorn Qualifications● Experience, or interest, in desktop application development (C++, Qt SDK) and/or native Android app development (Java/Kotlin, C++, Android SDK)● Familiar with the Python programming languageKeywords:Education:Skills and Experience:Required Skills:\nPreferred Qualifications● Understanding of the functional programming paradigm● Familiarity with Reactive Extensions for JavaScript (RxJS\n\nRose International is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender (expression or identity), national origin, arrest and conviction records, disability, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law. Positions located in San Francisco and Los Angeles, California will be administered in accordance with their respective Fair Chance Ordinances.Rose International has an official agreement (ID #132522), effective June 30, 2008, with the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, Employment Verification Program (E-Verify). (Posting required by OCGA 13/10-91.)\n\nRecommended skills\nCss\nHtml\nJava Script\nSdk\n\n'] | ['Css', 'Html', 'Java Script', 'Sdk'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J310G96H0C38FDQNVZG)
Sales Engineer | The Judge Group | Redwood City, CA | ['\nLocation:  Redwood City, CA\nDescription:  Our client is currently seeking a Sales Engineer\xa0\xa0Position Description Work on maintenance, bug resolution, testing, and developments to improve the quality of tools that support thousands of sellers.  Overall Responsibilities:  1. Interpret business and functional requirements into a strong design. 2. Apply industry best practices and standards in conjunction with project requirements and design. 3. Work closely with other developers, project managers, database administrators, and QA. 4. Communicate with the sales teams when required to resolve system issues 5. Offer technical assistance to other internal teams dependent on \xa0sales tools   Top 3 Daily Responsibilities: 1. Resolve bugs 2. Maintain systems (ensure that they are running correctly) 3. Development of small features  Mandatory  Python, Javascript 1 year of experience \nDesired\xa0\nJava, Typescript, Angular JS/2+\n\xa02 years of experience\n\n  \nContact: [ Link removed ] -  Click here to apply to Sales Engineer\nThis job and many more are available through The Judge Group. Find us on the web at [ Link removed ] -  Click here to apply to Sales Engineer\n\n\xa0\n\nRecommended skills\nSoftware Quality Assurance (Sqa)\nSafety Assurance\nProduct Quality Assurance\nAngular\nPython (Programming Language)\nJava (Programming Language)\n\n'] | ['Software Quality Assurance (Sqa)', 'Safety Assurance', 'Product Quality Assurance', 'Angular', 'Python (Programming Language)', 'Java (Programming Language)'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3P1JT759ZYQ7BMXLZ1)
Senior QA Automation Engineer | Jobot | Sunnyvale | ['\nSenior QA Automation Engineer - OOP (Java), Selenium, CI/CD & Automation Tools @ Innovative, Unicorn SaaS Company!This Jobot Job is hosted by: Luke SwiftAre you a fit? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply on company site" button and sending us your resume.Salary: $100,000 - $150,000A bit about us:With an office in Sunnyvale, CA, we are a well-funded startup with major partnerships that disrupting the rapidly evolving space of Continuous Integration and Development Operations!We are now seeking a mid-senior level QA Automation Engineer to join our world-class team. In this role, you will develop new and maintain existing QA automation platforms, including test execution, bug detection, load and negative testing of existing services. You should be well-versed with OOP (Java-preferred), automation, test tools (JMeter, Blazemeter, TestNG), Cloud platform (AWS, GCP, Azure), and CI/CD tools (Jenkins, Kubernetes, Docker), You will also constantly be learning new technologies, rapidly understanding and prototyping new ways of validating services, and jointly sharing responsibility for the quality of production-grade solutions that will be used by thousands of users. If this sound like you, please apply now!Why join us?1. Marquee Products2. Innovative Software Company3. Massive Growth OpportunityJob DetailsDay to day:\n\tDesign, Develop and implement automation test infrastructure and test cases (Java/Golang/Groovy, Linux, Docker, Kubernetes)\n\tCollaborate with developers and support, regarding customer issues\n\tInvestigate software issues as a result of testing\n Required Experience:\n\t5+ years experience in automation development utilizing Java (preferred) or similar OOP languages\n\tExperience with CI/CD tools such as Jenkins, Shippable, TravisCI or similar tool\n\tExperience with Docker\n\tExperience working with Selenium like tools to validate UI, testing\n\tExperience in writing automation tests for applications in Linux/Unix environments\n\tBug detection abilities and good analysis to root cause detection\n\tAnalytical approach for troubleshooting and problem solving\n\tAbility to work on multiple projects under tight deadlines\n\tSelf-learner and independent executor\nNice to Have Skills (bonus points for, but not required):\n Proficiency with Python, Golang, C/C++, or similar OOP\'s\n\tExperience with test frameworks that validates services that follow asynchronous architecture.\n\tExperience with development tools such as JMeter, Blazemeter, TestIM.\n\tExperience with Kubernetes and chaos testing for services running on Kubernetes.\nInterested in hearing more? Easy Apply now by clicking the "Apply on company site" button.\n\xa0\n\nRecommended skills\nSoftware Quality Assurance (Sqa)\nAmazon Web Services\nJenkins\nC++ (Programming Language)\nC (Programming Language)\nJava (Programming Language)\n\n'] | ['Software Quality Assurance (Sqa)', 'Amazon Web Services', 'Jenkins', 'C++ (Programming Language)', 'C (Programming Language)', 'Java (Programming Language)'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/J3Q51K6W61WB26PJQJ9)
Machine Learning Pipeline Developer | Santa Clara, CA | Full-Time | ['Machine Learning Pipeline Developer', 'Location – Santa Clara CA – post COVID', 'Overall Experience: Overall 6+ years', 'Relevant Experience – 2+ years', 'Skill Requirement:', 'Python, CICD pipeline setup – DevOps, bitbucket /github repository experience', 'Nice to have: Data pipeline in python+ data engineering', 'Good verbal and written communication skills.', 'Responsibilities'] | ['Python (Programming Language)', 'Github', 'Build Pipeline', 'Written Communication', 'Verbal Communication', 'Dev Ops'] | [Apply](https://www.careerbuilder.com/job/JDH8DJ6J8PKWMW591VX)
